the candidate in your government there was a
series of corruption scandals and
ethical deviations the corruption scandal
in the Ministry of Agriculture
scandals goals the ministry of cities
sports ministry
there was a corruption scandal in the
ministry of health ministry of
transport or corruption scandals
in the ministry of tourism
the labor ministry PeTrobras
ended up becoming object of two cpis
in the congress
you always say that all these
scandals were revealed by the police
are being investigated by the
The federal police force is a government agency.
federal
the question that I am asking you is the following
What is the difficulty from the beginning?
surround yourself with honest people who
enable them to form a government team
honest and avoid this situation that
we have come to repeat the cases of
corruption there is not a feeling can not
there is a large sensation that pt
neglects the ethical issue or the
corruption issue
the scolding can not only for what
ackermann just when they will have
to see on the ground is structured the
mechanisms that respond for three years
the irregularity my brother is for
example the police went there on the river
seeing this here was to investigate for
discover and learn when moreover
we had a very respectful relationship
with the Turkish line ministry
attorney general of the Republic called
through the government of President Lula
general shackle of the republic what is
because with whom we choose with absolute
expensive exemption what the spirit both
protects like us who created the
General Union controllership that
turned into a strong album and also
investigated mystery disk that is to be
woman played in the bedroom
we created the law of access to information
We created in the government and main
transponder
but I want to tell you something
all gang reports result in
khobar really the person's
I had to be eaten and would tiê
condemned to the contrary many of those
only a little that were identified
subject is free and has not practiced the
bus not due will later
and I'll tell you if it means that he
you will never be the next